Vertical formatting
It appears to be possible to build signiﬁcant systems (FitNesse is close to 50,000 lines) out of ﬁles that are 
typically 200 lines long, with an upper limit of 500. Although this should not be a hard and fast rule, it should be 
considered very desirable. Small ﬁles are usually easier to understand than large ﬁles are.
----------------------------------
The newspaper metaphor
Think of a well-written newspaper article. You read it vertically. At the top you expect a headline that 
will tell you what the story is about and allows you to decide whether it is something you want to read. 
The ﬁrst paragraph gives you a synopsis of the whole story, hiding all the details while giving you the broad-brush concepts.
As you continue downward, the details increase until you have all the dates, names, quotes, claims, and other minutia.
We would like a source ﬁle to be like a newspaper article. The name should be simple but explanatory. The name, by itself, 
should be sufﬁcient to tell us whether we are in the right module or not. The topmost parts of the source ﬁle should provide 
the high-level concepts and algorithms. Detail should increase as we move downward, until at the end we ﬁnd the lowest level 
functions and details in the source ﬁle.
----------------------------------
Vertical Openness Between concepts
 Each line represents an expression or a clause, and each group of lines represents a complete thought. 
 Those thoughts should be separated from each other with blank lines.
----------------------------------
Vertical Dencity
If openness separates concepts, then vertical density implies close association. So lines of code that are tightly 
related should appear vertically dense
----------------------------------
Vertical Distance
Concepts that are closely related should be kept vertically close to each other [G10]. Clearly this rule doesn’t work for concepts
that belong in separate ﬁles. But then closely related concepts should not be separated into different ﬁles unless you 
have a very good reason. Indeed, this is one of the reasons that protected variables should be avoided.
----------------------------------
Variable Declaration
Variables should be declared as close to their usage as possible.
Control variables for loops should usually be declared within the loop statement